it was a highly unusual head-to-head at
the lamborghini ribbon Tom and the
fighter jet panas via tornado meant to
see who was the fastest the super sports
car or the Italian Air Force jet there's
a certain resemblance between these two
technical wonders which is no wonder
since the rivet own unique aeronautical
styling was actually inspired by the
Marshall lines of the pana via tornado
pros were at the helm of both high-tech
machines in the tornado and experienced
Italian Air Force planet in the revenant
own a season test driver from automobile
II Lamborghini
the venue for this acceleration duel was
the three kilometer runway at the gate e
military airport near Brescia the home
with the 6th Italian Air Force squadron
the ring on tone kept the lead in the
first leg of the race once unleashed the
650 horsepower of the 6.5 liter
12-cylinder catapult of the car so fast
that the aircraft had no chance with an
acceleration time of only 3.4 seconds
from rest of 100 the Lamborghini
Reventon proved clearly superior to the
tornado of course the super sports car
is much lighter than the jet thanks to
its carbon fiber body the ribbon tone
tips the scales at only sixteen hundred
60 kilograms while the tornado ways in
is around 20 times because it's two
turbines with an active afterburner
producing enormous 7400 kilogram force
of threats it was no chore for the
tornado to catch up with a ravaughn tone
and take off immediately and soar past
the Lamborghini at the end of the runway
going 340 kilometers per hour
the life of any revolution Santa gossip
or Geneva and it is very explosive only
20 will be built in 2008 each and every
one is always sold to a lucky customer
at a price of a million euros plus tax
the rich history the brand has been
extended by a highly cherished classic
of the future